## FPGA Clock
set_location_assignment -to CpSl_Clk_i

## FPGA GPIO
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to CpSl_Gpio_i[2]
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to CpSl_Gpio_i[1]
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to CpSl_Gpio_i[0]
                              
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 
set_location_assignment PIN_  -to 